[Bird chirping.
vehicle approaches]
[Brakes squeal]
[Engine shuts off. keys jingle]
[Sighs]
[Car door closes]
[Knock on door]
Mrs. Landry.
you're looking lovely as ever.
Jimmy McGill!
What are you doing here?
Oh. I was in the area.
and I thought...
I wonder how my favorite
former client is doing?
And I have cookies.
[Chuckling]
Oh. you're so sweet.
Come on in!
(Jimmy:)
After I made these.
I looked down.
and I thought. "Wow!
That looks
just like your Felix."
[Chuckles]
They do!
You're so thoughtful.
I was afraid
you wouldn't be here.
Thought.
with that settlement money.
you might've moved
somewhere swankier.
What do you mean?
The settlement.
The Sandpiper case?
Now. that's gotta be
wrapped up by now. right?
Oh. that?
That... that... that...
that's still years away.
You haven't settled yet?
No. I don't know
all the details yet. but Erin...
uh. Erin Brill of
Davis & main... do you know her?
Lovely girl.
[Chuckling] She reminds me
of a young Mary Martin.
Oh. yes.
I-I have met her.
It's a...
she's a wonderful young lady.
Uh...
Well. she takes care
of all of that.
and she said
there's still a long way to go.
But you've...
Received an offer. right?
Something sent to you
in writing?
I mean. something more than
just Erin and you chatting?
Oh.
It's probably all here
in this box.
I can't make
heads or tails of it.
but you are welcome to look.
You sure?
[Chuckling]
Of course.
It's you.
[Sighs]
Well. uh. I gotta say...
I can't blame you for
getting mixed up with all this.
[Chuckles]
I mean. these legal notices...
I mean. no one
really understands them.
You know. [Chuckles]
I've got a law degree.
And sometimes
I can't even. uh...
[Sighs deeply]
[Paper rustles]
You haven't. uh...
Accepted this?
Erin says we should wait.
But...
[Chuckles]
Erin doesn't really matter.
does she?
I mean.
you're the class representative.
That's a big deal.
That means you
and you alone decide.
You're...
you are the legal stand-in
for your friends and neighbors.
I-I don't know
about all that. Jimmy.
I-I just leave it all
to the professionals.
Yeah. sure. sure.
Lawyers know best. but...
[Chuckling]
I'm sorry.
If you won the lottery.
I mean.
you'd take the lump sum. right?
I mean. money now
is better than money later.
Bird in the hand!
I suppose.
The more time to enjoy it!
[Chuckles]
You really should talk to Erin.
She knows all the ins and outs.
[Sighs]
Ins and outs.
Yeah. Erin sure knows those.
[Chuckles]
I'll be happy
to talk to Erin. uh...
Just... I just
can't help but wonder
if she's taking
every aspect into a...
[knock on door]
Oh. Jimmy.
I completely forgot...
I'm on my way to chair yoga.
I'm so sorry.
No. it's okay.
Um. I probably should be going.
I have a lot to do.
[Indistinct conversation
in distance]
[Chuckles]
[Chuckling] Hi.
Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy!
Rose. Myrtle. Helen.
That chair yoga
really works. huh?
You all look 10 years younger.
Oh!
[All chuckling]
You honeydripper.
Hey. hurry up.
It starts in five minutes.
Do you want to come with us?
You're welcome to.
We can have guests.
I would love to. uh.
but I'm not dressed for it.
So I'll take a rain check.
Certainly.
Thanks for the cookies. Jimmy.
- Bye. Jimmy! Good to see ya.
- Bye!
[Vehicle passing]
That can't be right.
[Chuckling] Can't be right.
[Sighs]
17.4 total.
33% is the common fund.
So. on 1/15. 15 into 17...
Carry the 2.
One million.
one hundred and sixty...
[Chuckling] One million.
one hundred and sixty thousand!
[Chuckles]
Holy shit!
♪♪
*BETTER CALL SAUL
Season 03 Episode 09
Episode Title: "Fall"
[indistinct conversations
in distance]
[Telephone rings in distance]
[Elevator bell dings]
[Motor whirring]
- Mr. Ehrmantraut?
- Yeah.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
- It'll be right this way.
- [Grunts]
Can I get you anything to drink?
Tea. water. Espresso?
No. I'm fine.
Thank you.
[Indistinct conversations.
telephone ringing]
[Knocks on door]
Ms. Rodarte-Quayle?
- I have your next...
- Yes. thank you.
Mr. Ehrmantraut.
Lydia Rodarte-Quayle.
- Mike.
- Thanks. Justin.
Have a seat.
um... Mike.
HR sent up your start paperwork.
I-9. W-2.
Pretty standard.
Could I have
your driver's license
and social security card?
Why?
My assistant
needs to make a copy.
How does this "hire" work.
exactly?
Walk me through it.
You'll receive a paycheck
from madrigal
in the amount
of $10.000 per week.
I believe at that rate.
your "employment" should be
paid out in about 20 weeks.
Mr. fring has arranged to cover
fica. social security...
the entirety of the tax burden.
I assume
that's all right with you?
Good.
So. to that end.
I have you down
as a "logistics consultant."
What is that?
It's a person
who consults on logistics.
Does it matter?
I'm not long on logistics.
"Security consultant"
would be better.
I used to be a cop.
That will look better
on your "work history"
than your current employer.
smq parking.
So. you take my money.
you run it through this joint.
and it comes out clean.
- That it?
- Yes.
Who knows this operation?
You... anyone else?
No.
You sure?
May I ask. what precisely
is your concern here?
I am concerned
about what happens
if you put my real name
in your books.
Your madrigal
is a German company.
One thing I know about Germans
is they love a good audit.
I oversee
eight freight terminals
across Texas and the southwest.
Operating costs range between
$800.000 and
a million dollars per week.
All due respect. Mike.
but your money?
It's a rounding error.
If the IRS or anyone else looks.
you're a contractor
for a multinational corporation
with 114.000 employees
worldwide.
You're like every other person
in this building.
Like you?
You think I'm not on the books?
I am.
Under my own name.
This the way
you handled it before?
Handled what?
The money.
For fring's other guys.
Other guys?
This is the first time
I've done this...
For anyone.
I don't know what you do. but...
Mr. Fring must think
you're quite good at it.
[Sighs]
20 weeks?
The sooner you're off my books.
the better.
[Intercom beeps]
Justin?
Can you make
a copy of these. please?
Thank you.
[Door closes]
What?
This is a very nice office.
Thank you.
Seem to be risking a lot
for a drug dealer.
"Drug dealer"?
[Scoffs]
If that's all you think he is...
Then you don't know
Gustavo fring.
[Sighs]
[Pen scratches]
(Howard:) Let me
understand you...
You're proposing
to double our premiums
on every one
of our practicing attorneys?
(Man:) We know
this is abrupt...
new issues have come to light.
"New issues"?
You mean Mr. McGill's testimony
at the bar?
That's a part of it. yes.
After 25 years
of paying full premiums.
I can count on one hand
the number of our claims.
Woman: This is
an underwriting decision...
that's all. You shouldn't
take it personally.
(Man:) In some
special circumstances.
we have been known
to extend a rider.
What kind of rider?
Woman: A senior.
management-level partner
who would supervise
Charles' work.
attend court
and client meetings with him.
review filings.
(Man:)
The few times we've done this.
it's been for clients
with a high probability
of catastrophic health failure
as a precaution.
What you're saying is that
for any case Charles takes on.
another partner
would be tied up. as well.
and we don't bill a penny more?
This is ludicrous.
The insurance industry
is heavily regulated.
I can think
of a dozen infractions
- right here off the top of my head.
- Mr. McGill...
you're hoping we'll either
find another carrier
or cut you an enormous check.
Win-win for you!
I assure you.
neither is going to happen.
What will happen
is very simple...
you're going to do right by us
or we will compel you to do so.
What do you mean by "compel"?
You know exactly what I mean.
If you're threatening litigation.
I'm afraid this meeting is over.
Then it's over.
Thank you for your time.
Mr. Hamlin.
Mr. McGill.
[Door creaks]
All right.
Where do we begin?
Francis should start
digging into regulations.
I'm sorry
I don't have the code sections
at my fingertips just now.
Let's pull a team of associates
and get them looking at every
angle of injunctive relief.
Before close of business...
[Glass thumps lightly]
we're going to hit Santa Rosa
with a demand letter
that'll make their heads spin.
[Chuckles]
Odds are. inside a week.
they'll be sitting
at the table again.
[Liquid pouring]
And if not...
Well. we've never
shied away from a fight.
[Decanter thumps lightly]
Chuck. do you remember
al McConnell?
Of course.
Helluva litigator.
Retired now. isn't he?
He's a professor at UNM now.
Wrote a fantastic book
on scotus during reconstruction.
Fascinating stuff.
Okay...?
I was talking to him.
and he mentioned
he'd love you
to come speak to his One-Ls.
Maybe make it a regular thing.
if you wanted.
[Scoffs]
What are you talking about.
Howard?
What I'm saying is...
Maybe it's time
to hang up your spurs.
Become partner emeritus...
leave your name on the firm
but focus on your legacy.
You always said you wanted to
work on the Commerce Clause...
you can write the book on it.
And no longer
be a practicing lawyer.
Chuck. there's more to life
than this.
That day
is far in the future. Howard.
And I don't appreciate
the suggestion.
What if it's not a suggestion?
Meaning?
[Glass thumps]
Meaning. if enough people
tell you that you're drunk.
maybe it's time to sit down.
You want me to retire
over this... insurance?!
It's not just the insurance.
That's the straw
that broke the camel's back.
So this is about my condition.
Look!
You see?
[Chuckling] See?
I'm better!
[Chuckling]
Howard. I'm fine!
This is not
what "fine" looks like.
[Sighs]
[Lamp thuds]
Chuck. you are the best
legal mind I've ever known.
Hands down.
But your decision-making
has become...
Unpredictable.
And I can't be partners
with someone
whose judgment I don't trust.
Chuck...
[Indistinct conversations]
[Door closes]
This right here
is the Texas-new Mexico border.
[Grunts]
Now. all of my Wells
are square on the Texas side.
When I negotiated for
the mineral and property rights.
the surveyors said
that the next nearest pool
extended to...
about here.
Right.
But...
After some extraction.
the west wall
of the salt dome gave way.
opening up another pool
that extends... what...
100 yards over the border?
That's about
the size of it. yeah.
And now you have new Mexico
rights holders to deal with.
You know. they should get profit
on what's theirs.
but now I've got two states
coming after me
for taxes
on each and every gallon.
No equipment crosses the border?
No. ma'am.
Nothing below the surface.
like the... what...
is it a drill bit?
It would be the sucker rod
at this point.
but no. none of that.
Only on the Texas side.
But that's not
stopping new Mexico
from trying to bleed me.
You said on the phone
you have a solution.
You don't negotiate a lease
with the rights holders.
You offer to pay them damages.
Damages?
For diminishing their resource.
A significant fraction of the
value of the new Mexico portion.
but without paying
for the rights themselves.
So a kind of a payoff.
Then you don't get hit
with the taxes.
You think you can make that fly?
If someone came to me
with this offer...
I'd sure as hell take it.
[Chuckling]
Wish I'd called you sooner.
Way they're makin' noise.
if I don't get this thing
wrapped up
by the end of the quarter.
I'm pretty sure the tax boys
are gonna take me apart.
And that's two weeks from now?
I can do it by then.
Really?
If we can get all
the rights holders in one place.
I can walk them through
what we're proposing.
If they're smart.
they'll go for it.
Well. hot damn.
Kevin said
you were a miracle worker.
but I didn't believe him.
I'm startin' to.
Yeah. well. let me work
that miracle first.
then we'll talk.
[Chuckles]
You know the way outta here?
I got a drillhead
that's acting up on me
out on the north forty
I gotta check.
Yeah.
I'm good.
You need anything from me.
you got my cell.
[Engine starts]
Call me.
Will do.
[Machinery creaking]
[Car door closes. engine starts]
[Recorder clicks]
Billy Gatwood meeting notes.
Contact Gatwood Oil.
Get names and numbers
for new Mexico rights holders...
[Wheels grinding]
Shit!
[Machinery creaking]
[Car creaking]
No. no. no. no!
No. no. no! Shit!
[Brakes squeal]
[Sighs]
[Machinery creaking]
[Breathing deeply]
[Seat belt clicks]
[Engine starts]
[Recorder clicks]
Continuing
notes from Gatwood Oil meeting.
Contact rights holders.
begin scheduling.
[Gearshift clicks]
[Machinery creaking]
♪♪ Les McCann's "McCanna" plays...
[Tires squeal]
[Engine shuts off. music stops]
Howard!
[Sighs]
What are you doing here. Jimmy?
We have business to discuss.
Is this about Chuck?
Who?
If you actually have business.
- then call my secretary.
- I did.
She stonewalled me.
as if you didn't know.
Sandpiper.
- What about it?
- It's time to settle.
I-I saw
the current offer.
The clients
make their losses back.
plus a solid chunk of change.
[Sighs]
Not that it's
any of your business.
but we project a final number
far higher
than the current offer.
I get it. I get it.
You hold out.
maybe you squeeze a grand more
for each client.
Meanwhile.
hhm nets a few million.
You know. you're screwing the
clients for your own benefit.
Oh. so now you're worried
about the clients?
It's the right thing to do.
and you know it.
Please.
All you care about
is your share of the payout.
It's like talking to Gollum.
You're transparent.
And pathetic.
[Briefcase thumps lightly]
You want a handout?
Here.
Huh?
Next time...
Why don't you bring a tin cup?
It'd be more honest.
Listen. Howard.
settle this and settle it now.
It's in everyone's
best interests!
Meaning it's in your
best interests.
And if we don't.
what are you gonna do?
Peel off
some members of the class.
leak some insider info
to Schweikart?
Oh. I doubt it.
I know you're low enough
to do something like that.
but you're too damn greedy.
[Elevator plays melody]
You do any of that.
and you'll be
jeopardizing your payday.
You'll get your damn money.
You're just
gonna have to wait for it.
[Machinery creaking]
[Lighter clicking]
[Clicking continues]
[Cellphone buzzing]
[Cellphone beeps]
[Speaking Spanish]
Don Hector...
♪♪
Don Hector?
[Groaning]
♪♪
[panting]
[panting continues]
♪♪
Chingada
♪♪ Boz Scaggs' "Lowdown" plays...
[Squeaking]
♪♪ Music continues...
[Indistinct conversation
in distance]
(Irene:)
Well. we go around about.
you know. six times. I think.
I think we're...
yeah. I think... I think so.
I know!
This is so good for you.
Hello. ladies.
Good morning.
- Hi! Jimmy!
- Hi. Jimmy.
Jimmy!
Oh. y-you... you girls
go on a little bit.
I'll... I'll catch up
with you.
Jimmy!
[Laughs]
Wow. Irene!
Fancy running into you
twice in one week.
How lucky am I?
Y-you're a mallwalker?
- I had no idea!
- Me?
Oh. yeah.
Big time.
I mean. it's great for cardio.
Hamstrings. glutes.
I-T band.
I'm a huge mallwalker.
Been out of the game for awhile.
Developed this damn
plantar fasciitis.
- Mnh. Mnh.
- Hurts like a bear.
Oh. I'm so sorry
to hear about that.
[Grunts]
Well. hey.
I got the cure right here.
Pow!
These have a special gel
and resistance coils
and buncha stuff.
It's like walkin' on pillows.
Well. they... they...
they look comfortable.
You like 'em?
Well. they...
they're quite stylish.
Hey. y'know what?
[Chuckles]
I bought a pair
for my girlfriend.
and they don't fit her.
And the store has this...
wouldn't you know it?...
- no-refunds policy.
- Oh.
What size are you?
7 1/2. 7 1/2.
[Inhales sharply]
Oh. there we go.
[Grunts]
[Trunk closes]
♪♪ Young-holt Unlimited's
"Soulful Strut" plays...
How does that feel?
Oh!
Oh. I-I see
what you mean.
They...
[Chuckles]
They are so nice.
and they fit like a dream!
But I-I can't take these
for free. Jimmy.
Oh. please.
There is one thing
you could do for me?
What's that?
Don't tell the other folks
I gave 'em to ya.
I don't want to look like
I'm playing favorites.
- My lips are sealed.
- Then you go and enjoy those.
I'm gonna go
get my heart rate back up.
- Oh. thank you!
- And I'll see you later.
Thank you so much. Jimmy!
[Sighs]
♪♪ Herb Alpert & the Tijuana
Brass Band's "Popcorn" plays...
[Sighs]
Right hand. friends...
the hand of love.
Now. watch. and I'll show you
the story of life.
You got some questions.
It's only natural.
And the truth is.
if Irene settles...
You'd get some money.
But. I mean. it's not like
you guys need it. right?
On the other hand.
I did get a look at their offer.
I don't want
to speak out of school.
but it's. uh...
[Whistles]
But I mean. hey. everyone's
situation is different.
Maybe Irene
just doesn't need the money.
I mean. I don't know for a fact.
but when you see someone
buying nice new things...
- Like those shoes.
Uh-huh.
Ah. I mean. those must have
cost a pretty penny.
I mean. if she can afford those.
she's walkin' on easy street.
And there's something else...
Y'know.
The lawyers.
I mean...
that's the lawyer's share
of the settlement.
And your share is...
boop! This much. Doo!
If Irene holds out. the lawyers
get this much more...
and you are gonna get
this much more.
Doesn't seem like
much difference.
I know. but that's how it works.
And Irene knows it. too.
I mean. the lawyers
have explained it to her.
It's crazy.
but it's all up to Irene.
After all.
she is the Class Representative.
Does that mean
that she gets more?
[Sighs]
No. No.
Just means in the eyes
of the court. she's special.
She's like your congressman
or ambassador.
(Rose:) Is there anything
we can do?
No. No.
You can't do anything.
I can't do anything.
[Inhales deeply]
Only Irene.
[Exhales deeply]
[Breathes deeply]
She probably knows what's best.
I'm sure she's taking
your feelings into account.
Hey. look at the big picture.
Who needs money when
you got the moral high ground?
[Breathes deeply]
Yoo-hoo!
Rose!
Helen!
Ladies?!
Ladies!
♪♪ Johnny Hates Jazz's "Shattered
Dreams" plays in distance...
♪♪
[Insects chirping]
[Vehicle approaches]
[Gearshift clicks]
[Engine shuts off]
[Dog barking in distance]
[Vehicle door closes]
[Engine revving in distance]
[Woman speaking Spanish
on television]
[tv shuts off]
[Dog barking in distance]
[Floorboards creaking]
Ignacio?
[Speaking spanish]
[Chuckles]
[Sighs]
Papa...
Hector Salamanca.
Salamanca.
[Speaking Spanish]
[Sighs]
[Scoffs]
[Liquid pouring]
[Insects chirping.
dog barking in distance]
[Door closes]
[Indistinct conversations]
[Sighs]
[Door opens]
(Francis:) Okay.
and I'm still waiting
- for those third-party subpoenas.
- (Howard:) Oh. great.
- Let me know. then. Thanks. Francis.
- All right.
Julie. what's up?
From Chuck.
It came via messenger...
the instructions say
he wants you to read it
as soon as possible.
[Door closes]
Mm-hmm.
Uh. here's what
I need you to do.
Call around.
Find someplace special
for the retirement party.
Something Classy.
old-school.
Uh. La Posada. maybe.
And a band.
Something Jazzy.
Upbeat.
Find what's available.
Let's set it up.
Okay.
[Envelope tearing]
[Door opens. closes]
Goddamit. Chuck.
[Door opens]
You're suing
Hamlin. Hamlin. McGill?
Come on in. Howard.
[Door slams]
[Sizzling]
You turned the lights on.
I told you...
I'm back to normal.
And yes.
I am suing HHM
for breach of contract.
Do you have any idea
what you're doing?
[Sighs]
I believe I do.
I'm calling your bluff.
This is my firm.
I built it.
Your father was working
in a two-room office
when I joined him.
And you I tutored
for the bar exam.
You're not kicking me out.
If you can't
"trust my judgment." as you say.
so be it.
but you're gonna have to
pay me for my share.
I believe it comes
to around $8 million.
We both know the firm
doesn't have the money.
You'd rather
tear down hhm than retire?
You think I'm trouble now?
As your partner?
Imagine me as your enemy.
[Immersion blender whirring]
Chuck...
The damage
that you're going to do...
[Whirring stops] If you'd like to
discuss this further. we can...
in court.
Until then...
What else is there to say?
[Whirring continues]
[Door opens]
[Door slams]
[Whirring stops]
[Sniffles. clears throat]
[Sighs] Blue pot.
Red wine.
Black burner.
Blue pot. Red wine.
[Clears throat]
[Sighing]
[Air hissing]
[Liquid sloshing]
[Ball taps]
[Balls clattering]
(Jimmy:)
I got hot hands.
I got hot hands!
I know this is gonna be the one!
B-9!
Let's hope that biopsy
comes back "B-9." [Benign]
B-9.
[Door opens]
Okay...
What's next?
[Air hisses]
We got...
I-29.
I remember when I was 29.
Bet you do. too.
I-29.
Here comes O-62.
Oh. my God.
Have I called 62 of these
[Chuckling] already?
It feels like it. O-62.
Here we have B-2.
B-2.
Well. tonight is all bingo.
Here it comes.
O-70. Anyone? O-70.
All right.
No takers.
Boom!
G-55.
Oh. my God!
Bingo!
I got bingo!
[Applause]
Big Paul. bring it up.
Kelly. take a look.
[Applause continues]
We may have a winner.
Kelly. tell me...
have we got it?
We have a bingo!
Paul. step up
to the winner's circle.
Let's hear it for him!
Let's give him
a big round of applause!
[Applause]
Okay. New game. new cards.
Here they come.
Get yourself some new cards.
New cards.
[Microphone feedback]
The helpers have them.
You can have one. two.
You can have up to four.
as you know.
Here's a lucky blue one for you.
All right.
Take your cards
so we can start a new game.
There you go.
Add that to your stack.
All right. Get your cards.
Hey. Irene.
you feeling lucky today?
I-I guess so.
[Chuckling] All right.
Well. here's one on me...
Just for you.
All right.
I sold my soul
for B-I-N-G-and-O!
Let's clear the table.
[Indistinct conversations]
[Sniffles]
♪♪
Load it up.
[Balls clattering]
♪♪
Locked and loaded.
[Cabinet door closes]
Here comes a new game.
[Switch clicks]
♪♪
first number up...
It's N-31.
"N" for "Nancy."
31 for the number of times
she told me to take a hike.
N-31.
♪♪
G-48.
"G" for the Greatest Generation.
48 for "Dewey Defeats Truman."
Here's I-25... the big "I."
I-25.
It's B-12. like the vitamin.
♪♪
o-67!
Anybody?
I got a good feeling about this.
O-67!
I-I-I think...
Bingo!
Who is that?
Come on up.
Irene!
Irene. come on up here. dear.
Bring it up to Kelly.
Let's take a look.
Kelly has to check your card.
[Balls clattering]
Here she comes.
♪♪
could be.
oh. my goodness.
It is a bingo for Irene!
Let's hear it for Irene Landry!
[Scattered applause]
Give it up for the big winner.
Irene Landry!
[Scattered applause continues]
Fastest bingo of the night!
Come on.
Let's hear it for Irene.
Oh!
[Thumps]
[Crying]
Irene. where ya goin'?
[Door opens]
Hey. you know what? Take over.
Okay.
Time for a new game.
Uh. let's get some cards out
for everyone.
[Crying]
[Door opens]
[Chuckling] Hey.
What's going on?
You okay?
[Crying]
Aww. Don't do that.
Your mascara's
gonna run all over.
[Crying continues]
Irene. come on.
What's wrong?
[Sniffles]
They've all turned on me.
[Crying]
Who has?
My friends!
Helen. Rose. Myrtle.
All of them.
What? No!
Y-Y-Yes!
[Sniffles]
They're so cold.
When I walk past them.
they stop talking.
I-I-i hear them whispering
when... when they think
I'm not there.
It's just so...
- It's so cruel.
- Mnh.
And I don't even know why.
[Sighs]
I think. uh...
Maybe I do.
You do?
[Sighs]
Could it be the settlement?
I mean. maybe they
[inhales sharply]
want the money.
you know.
to improve their lives?
I had no idea
any of them needed money.
No one said anything to me.
Well. maybe it's not about
the money itself.
I mean... hello...
who wouldn't want more money?
I mean. maybe it's the idea
that they don't think you're
considering them. you know?
Thinking of their needs?
I-I-I didn't know.
I don't want to hurt them.
They're my friends.
[Breathing heavily]
I wish we never even started
this lawsuit.
I just want everything
to go back the way it was.
[Breathing heavily]
What should I do?
What would you do?
I mean. you know
I'm not a lawyer right now.
Please?
Should I settle?
[Sighs]
Irene...
You listen to your heart.
Uh. time?
Two hours out.
When did I say
I was gonna leave?
20 minutes ago.
Uh. can I have
some more coffee. please?
Coming.
Uh. I'm missing a survey history
in this one.
On it.
Sorry about that.
[Coffee pouring]
[Sighs] Not a problem.
[Door opens]
(Jimmy:) Hey!
Who's ready
to have her life changed?
Kim. Didja hear me?
Yep. Heard you. Life changed.
[Chuckles]
Stop your work. both of you.
for a sec.
I-I got big. big news.
Can you just
tell us later. Jimmy?
I'm so late. it's not even funny.
Mesa verde can wait.
- Look. I got Zafiro.
- It's not Mesa Verde.
It's a new client. and if I mess
this up. it's a former client.
I thought Mesa Verde
was your one and only.
You know. it's go...
ji... uh. I'm sorry.
Jimmy. can I just explain
all this to you later? I'm...
Sandpiper is settling.
- What?
- [Chuckling] Yeah.
For a bundle.
But th-they can't
be settling.
[Chuckling] Class actions
don't move that fast.
Don't get bogged down
in the details!
Trust me...
they're settling!
Wow. that...
[Both chuckle]
Yeah. That's great. then.
Yeah!
So. hey. let's celebrate.
I can tell that you
pulled another all-nighter here.
you know?
You... you got to stop
and smell the roses.
Hey. who's got two thumbs.
a bottle of Zafiro.
and 20% of the common fund?!
- Huh?
- This guy!
I know... You do.
Uh. I am happy for you. Jimmy.
Be happy for us!
This is the solution
to everything.
Okay. Francesca. could you just
put these all
- in my car?
- Kim.
Yeah.
Jimmy. I gotta go.
Gimme five goddamn minutes.
I don't have five minutes.
But you're already late.
What's five more minutes?
So drive 60 instead of 55.
- [Chuckling] Jimmy!
- What?
[Door opens]
You're not hearing me.
Our troubles are over!
Come on!
Jimmy. I'm leaving now.
I'll be back in a few hours.
Think of all the things
you want to say to me.
and just say them
to me later. okay?
Bye.
[Door closes]
[Door opens]
You. Shots.
- Uh. I...
- Shots.
We're celebrating.
Cheers.
[Glasses clink]
[Slurps]
Smooth.
[Exhales sharply]
[Tapping counter]
Yeah.
Under the terms we're offering.
you get a substantial payment
without any impact
to your property
via drilling and extraction.
And rather than waiting years
to close.
Mr. Gatwood is offering cash
on the barrel. right now.
Given the cost of overhead.
liabilities.
and other burdens
Mr. Gatwood assumes.
we believe
this offer is more than fair.
We believe...
we believe
this offer is more than fair.
[Gasps]
[Air rushing]
[Breathing heavily]
[Door creaks]
[Whimpers]
Aah!
[Breathing shakily]
[Wind whistling]
Sync corrections - by srjanapala
♪♪